Fill in measurement section in docs (#647)
rigetticomputing/pyquil: docs/source/basics.rst

using ``ro`` to store measured readout results. Check out :ref:`parametric_compilation` to see how you might use
``theta`` to compile gate parameters dynamically.

.. _measurement:

Measurement
~~~~~~~~~~~

There are several ways you can handle measurements in your program. We will start with the simplest method -- letting
the ``QuantumComputer`` abstraction do it for us.

.. code:: python

    from pyquil import Program, get_qc

    # Get our QuantumComputer instance, with a Quantum Virutal Machine (QVM) backend
    qc = get_qc("8q-qvm")

    # Construct a simple Bell State

>     p = Program("H 0", "CNOT 0 1")

Reviewer: I think we should match the style with the programs below. We should import `H` and `CNOT`.

    results = qc.run_and_measure(p, trials=10)
    print(results)

.. parsed-literal::

    {0: array([1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1]),
     1: array([1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1]),
     2: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
     3: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
     4: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
     5: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
     6: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]),
     7: array([0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0])}

The method ``.run_and_measure`` will handle declaring memory for readout results, adding ``MEASURE`` instructions for each
qubit in the QVM, telling the QVM how many trials to run, running and returning the measurement results.

You might sometimes want finer grained control. In this case, we're probably only interested in the results on

> qubits 0 and 1, but ``.run_and_measure`` returns the results for all 8 qubits in the QVM. We can change our program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qubits 0 and 1, but ``.run_and_measure`` returns the results for all eight qubits in the QVM. We can change our program
```

to be more particular about what we want.

.. code:: python

    from pyquil import Program
    from pyquil.gates import *

    p = Program()
    ro = p.declare('ro', 'BIT', 2)
    p += H(0)
    p += CNOT(0, 1)
    p += MEASURE(0, ro[0])
    p += MEASURE(1, ro[1])

In the last two lines, we've added our ``MEASURE`` instructions, saying that we want to store the result of qubit 0
into the 0th bit of ``ro``, and the result of qubit 1 into the 1st bit of ``ro``. The following snippet could be a
useful way to measure many qubits, in particular, on a lattice that doesn't start at qubit 0 (although you can
use the compiler to :ref:`re-index <rewiring>` your qubits):

.. code:: python

    qubits = [5, 6, 7]

>     ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # ...
```

    for i, q in enumerate(qubits):
        p += MEASURE(q, ro[i])

.. note::

>     The QPU can only handle MEASURE final programs. You can't operate gates after measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The QPU can only handle ``MEASURE`` final programs. You can't operate gates after measurements.
```

Specifying the number of trials
-------------------------------

Quantum computing is inherently probabilistic. We often have to repeat the same experiment many times to get the
results we need. Sometimes we expect the results to all be the same, such as when we apply no gates, or only an ``X``

> gate. When we prepare a superposition state, we expect random outcomes each time, such as half 0 and half 1 for an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gate. When we prepare a superposition state, we expect probabilistic outcomes, such as a 50% probability measuring 0 or 1.
```

> equal superposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Trials, or equivalently, the number of shots, is the number of times to execute a program at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of `shots` (also called `trials`) is the number of times to execute a program at once.
```

This determines the length of the results that are returned.

> As we saw above, the ``.run_and_measure`` method of the ``QuantumComputer`` object can handle adding trials for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we saw above, the ``.run_and_measure`` method of the ``QuantumComputer`` object can accommodate performing many shots of program for us.
```

Author: @tarballs-are-good  many shots of program?

> Another way to do this is with ``.wrap_in_numshots_loop``. Below, we specify that our program should be executed 1000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like more explicit control for representing multi-shot execution, another way to do this is with ``.wrap_in_numshots_loop``. This puts the number of shots to be run in the representation of the program itself, as opposed to in the arguments list of the execution method itself. Below, we specify that our program should be executed 1000
```
